feat: support disabling of Netlify function generation (#240)
netlify/netlify-plugin-gatsby: README.md

[the gatsby-plugin-netlify docs](https://github.com/netlify/gatsby-plugin-netlify/)
for more information, including optional plugin configuration.

### Disabling Netlify functions

In order to support Gatsby Functions and DSG and SSR render modes, this plugin
generates three Netlify Functions called `__api`, `__ssr` and `__dsg`. If you
are not using any of these modes, then you can disable the creation of these
functions. If you are using the latest version of `gatsby-plugin-netlify` then

> this will be handled automatically, by the plugin generating the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this will be handled automatically. The plugin will generate the file
```

Sentence runs a little long

> `.cache/.nf-skip-gatsby-functions` if it detects than there are no DSG or SSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.cache/.nf-skip-gatsby-functions` if it detects that there are no DSG or SSR
```

> `.cache/.nf-skip-gatsby-functions` if it detects than there are no DSG or SSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.cache/.nf-skip-gatsby-functions` and if it detects it, then the plugin knows there are no DSG or SSR
```
Sentence wasn't making much sense, maybe something like this?

Author: I'll re-word it, because that's not what it means.

Author: @tiffanosaurus How about now?
